### About the Game
This is an android mobile game, based on a pirate theme story. The game is still not available on the google play store. If you want to play this game you have to download this game from here. The game is still in the beta edition. That’s why some functions of this game may not work properly. Feel free to download and test the game before the final release. If you found any bugs while playing the game, please come back to this page and inform us about the bug you found. All of your feedbacks are greatly appreciated.

### Story of the Game
There are some pirates, who went into a jungle for hunting. And now they have lost each other. The forest is very deep and there are lots of wild animals. The wild animals are very dangerous and can kill the pirates. Now the only way they can survive and can return home, is to find their ship. Each of them have to come back to their ship. In this prerelease you will be provided one of the pirate character and you have to guide him until he finds his ship. Now help the pirate to find ship while defeating the wild animals in the forest. Let’s go…

### About the organization
Founded in December 2017. Gadget guys are a team of young engineers, from Kolkata in WestBengal, whose main motto is to serve the technology in an enjoyable way across the world, so that no one gets bored. We are trying to spread the technology and latest technology news to everyone. We give tips & tricks to our visitors on different technical topics. Gadget Guys also help their fans to stay secured in the modern digital world. Technology should not be limited to a small group in the world, rather it should be spread through every single person in the world. We want to see everyone in our world properly knowledgeable about technology and its usage. So that everyone can implement technology in their daily life. That’s why we give technical tutorials and its implementation in a very simple way. We spread our technical thoughts via  YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram & our website so that no one could miss any technical facts and updates. GadgetGuys provides Technical videos in the Hindi language so that everyone can understand very easily. Its a fact that in current situation gadgets are becoming very much popular, so we are here for technical discussion & gossips with all the gadget lovers.